to reverse big store doesn't matter if
we win as long as casino lizard which
means that we have to read craps
blackjack slots and roulette all in our
favor could you make it any more
complicated okay
let's can't be done we don't have the
manpower time or way
[Music]
you and yet I hate that question so
who's gonna be our super high roller he
owns all the air south of Beijing the
air try building something larger than
three stories in the town Jin province
see if his name comes up in your
database then all right time for the
starters gone let me tell you what you
don't want your hotel in a twisted heap
of steel and glass that's why you don't
want nose plays and then I was desperate
place
this great huge great stone if any of
you try to break our deal you'll be dead
pay me my money all you need to do
psyllids
there are a couple of characters here
I'm not too sure of them I don't really
know her well I know all the guys that
you'd hire to come after me they like me
better than you you okay yeah no I just
bit into a pepper is it hmm
are you are you watching Oprah
[Music]
you